Update STYLE-GUIDE.md (#1223)
pulumi/pulumi-hugo: STYLE-GUIDE.md

* Ensure that readers are able to scan the headings of a page and get an effective overview of the page's content.
* Every page should have exactly one `h1`.
* Headings levels should only increment one level at a time.  E.g., if your previous heading level was an `h2`, the next heading must be an `h2` or an `h3`, but not, e.g., an `h4` or `h5`.
*  Include keywords relating to the content immediately following the heading in `h2` and deeper.

> *  Try to front-load your keywords into the sentence to more immediately indicate the subject matter of the following content.

Reviewer: I need to gently push back against this suggestion. First and foremost, the goal of a post is to be readable, informative, and relatable; otherwise, people will stop reading our content and recommending it to others. Getting to that goal includes varying sentence structure, keeping the sentence structure engaging, and otherwise connecting with the reader. Sentences should first inform, then consider readability, and only then consider keywords.

Also, some edits:
```suggestion
*  Try to front-load your keywords into the sentence to indicate more immediately to the reader the subject matter of the following content.
```

Author: I agree, I held back from adding more nuance such as approaching the topic from differing perspectives in your writing to speak more specifically to different users, one such set of perspectives would be beginners, experienced users, and advanced professionals. Thank you for the wording update. In all things search, human spoken language far outweighs the use of keywords, they just set the tone.

> *  - Alternate your topical keywords, visit the [online Thesarus](https://www.thesaurus.com/) if you are stuck.

Reviewer: In Markdown, you indent with spaces to get a sub-point in a list. Also, a spelling fix and a punctuation fix.

```suggestion
  * Alternate your topical keywords; visit an [online thesaurus](https://www.thesaurus.com/) if you are stuck.
```

As an aside, as an editor, this kind of behavior is something I discourage. We don't want to sound like we're in school trying to sound smart. Suggesting someone should try to use multiple keywords is good. Suggesting we use a thesaurus to vary as much as possible sounds odd.

> *  Try not to use repetitive headings (e.g., starting with the same word, using the same keyword)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Try not to use repetitive headings (e.g., starting with the same word, using the same keyword).
```

## Images

> * Include a minimum of one image that supports your topic beneath the first `h2`. 

Reviewer 2: are you suggesting that every marketing page, docs page, and registry page should have an image in this location? or is this only for the blogs? if only for the blogs id encourage moving this information to a blogs section, or to the blog markdown file.

Author: Every page should have one topically relevant image, in the registry and docs, it's ok to use the logo of the product in question.

Reviewer 3: I'd characterize this as a more of a recommendation than a requirement -- and assuming it's SEO-relavant, explain how. Practically speaking, it's just not the kind of thing we're going to be able to do in all cases, and even if we could, I'm not sure it'd always make sense, content-wise.

Reviewer 4: @Brant-Soler Could we maybe put SEO considerations in a separate section along with a list of content types they apply to (blog posts, etc.)? I figure that these recommendations are not intended to apply to e.g. docs for individual resources/functions in the Registry. If the intent is to make significant changes to our detailed technical docs for SEO, then that seems like a larger change that warrants a wider discussion.

Author: Agreed on both counts, there are certainly more SEO-related recommendations. Let me take a pass at the phrasing and get your opinion on striking the section and moving it to a new location or leaving it be. Another consideration with the images that should be built into every page is having an image to represent the link on social media when shared. Would you recommend that go here or to another area?

> * - Use a file name that matches the keywords in the `h1` or `h2`.
> * - Create an ALT tag that directly matches the file name for accessibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Use a file name that matches the keywords in the `h1` or `h2`.
  - Create an ALT tag that directly matches the file name for accessibility.
```

>   - Create an ALT tag that directly matches the file name for accessibility.

Reviewer 2: hmm, can you explain more about this? our file names are often extremely short and without spaces. i do not think they are appropriate to use for the alt text. id suggest linking to https://www.w3.org/WAI/tutorials/images/informative/ to help guide people into writing good alt text.

Author: Yes, please look below at the examples associated with this best practice in rows 35 & 36 and 38 & 39. The recommendation includes using a better file naming convention and matching the file naming convention with the ALT tag. This is specifically "if it makes sense, include an image that supports your topic" and not every image.

Reviewer 2: i do not think our file names should match the alt text. they do not have spaces, so screen readers will not announce them correctly. if you would like better file names for images i think that you should open up an issue that describes the naming conventions you want.

Author: Thank you for your input.

Reviewer 2: ref:
https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG20-TECHS/F30.html

Reviewer: I'm going to +1 Susan on this. File names, by necessity, do not use spaces, but rather underscores or dashes, due to spaces breaking filesystems on Linux-based computers (i.e., if you use spaces in a file name, the site is built on a computer running a Linux operating system, and spaces in a file name has the potential to cause at minimum broken image links and at most failure of the system to be able to read anything from disk). We've got quite a few customers who value accessibility for various reasons, and we cannot break that need.

The examples you're pointing to in lines 35/36/38/39 don't directly match the file name as this line requires as the way it's written expects that you would include the underscores or dashes ("directly matches"). They also don't actually describe the image, which is problematic as it will cause site scan failures in Lighthouse and other site validation tools that check for accessibility. Alt text should describe the image if the image is critical for someone to understand the rest of the article.

```suggestion
  - Create an ALT tag for accessibility that includes enough information for someone who cannot view the image to get the same information. If possible, include all of the words in the file name, and ensure you give the intent, purpose, and meaning of the image in the text.
```

Author: Correct me if I'm wrong, but the file names on line 36 is david-flanagan-cloud-engineering-ted-talk.jpg and 39 is christian-nunciato-reflections-deploying-mern-digitalocean.gif which includes dashes and not spaces while the ALT is the human-readable version of the file name. The words are a direct match with the exception of spaces instead of dashes, one dash in the second file name to separate ideas, and an apostrophe s to denote ownership. 

I don't understand, both of you are trying to correct what is already correct in your comments. I agree with the added information, I was originally told to be brief, so I'm going to commit the wording change. So when I say directly match, I'm comparing the file name with the correct file naming protocol with the human spoken component that is not written like a file name.

### Examples

Associated `h2` - Cloud Engineering Ted Talk
<img src="./david-flanagan-cloud-engineering-ted-talk.jpg" alt="David Flanagan's Cloud Engineering Ted Talk">

Associated `h1` - Fullstack Pulumi: Deploying the MERN Stack on DigitalOcean
<img src="./christian-nunciato-reflections-deploying-mern-digitalocean.gif" alt="Christian Nunciato - Reflections on Deploying MERN on DigitalOcean">

## Links

> * Link text should be descriptive and have meaning outside of the surrounding context: Avoid link text like _here_, _click here_, _see here_ and instead link to the title of the linked page, e.g. "see [Pulumi Pricing](https://www.pulumi.com/pricing/)".  (While this practice beneftis all readers, and search engines, it is of particular important for visually impared users who use screen readers and often jump through the links of a document.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Link text should be descriptive and have meaning outside of the surrounding context: Avoid link text like _here_, _click here_, _see here_ and instead link to the title of the linked page (e.g, `see [Pulumi Pricing](https://www.pulumi.com/pricing/)`).  (While this practice benefits all readers and search engines, it is of particular importance for visually impaired users who use screen readers and often jump through the links of a document.)
```
